IRC Meeting 2007 01 08 Minutes

Erik Massop edited this page Nov 4, 2017 · 2 revisions

Status

Who DONE TODO BLOCKED DISCUSS
tru Slacking Collection manager in esperanza
dangertools waf
DraX finish collections in objc bindings confusion on a few points better collections documentation
nano
  • win32 porting
  • asx
xmms2 cli win32 lastfm ws2.0
  • airplay
  • jack
  • songlength
  • doxygen portal
puzzles
theefer C++ bindings (collections)
  • collparser regression tests (for 1339 + others)
  • coll pattern syntax documentation
  • coll dev documentation
  • nyello
  • improve pshuffle
  • C++ bindings implem of custom_coll_parser
Collection doc
eleusis gitweb update recently
  • get up to date with collections
  • improve client list on wiki (sortable table columns)
  • merge gitweb with mainline
anders Py coll docs (neuros)osd mainloop crap

Topics

Waf progress

Action:None

  TOPIC: Waf progress   dangertools: you mentioned that you were blocked on waf?   yeah, rafl was/is working on javabindings+waf   he had quite some problems and less time  objc+waf is going to be a nightmare   afaik he's also in contact with the waf-guy   ita is on vacation     DraX: Why?  nano-: will basically have to reimplement the GNUStep makefiles and GNUStep.sh in python  nano-: and then will have to somehow make it work on OS X too   DraX: are you going to do that by yourself?  eleusis: yeah i guess   k  once i get back to school I can work on the OS X part too   rafl thought the same about swig+waf   ~1.5 months ago ;)   puzzles: do you know much about how the waf work has progressed so far? as in, what customisations we've made to get it to work with the xmms2 code tree, what's still missing, etc..   eleusis: i can't say much, all i know is we've ironed out most of the major features we had with scons   eleusis: and there are some residual issues with wafadmin and crap, though svn waf is smarter now   righto   who are the main people working on waf integration atm?   eleusis: i think it went danderson -> tru -> rafl -> all other plugin developers

Request for pull mailbot

Action:Anders to improve http://git.xmms.se/merge

  TOPIC: Request for pull mailbot   has anyone done anything on this, since the last time it was discussed? :)   my code got trashed on the Great Harddrive Crash of '06, does that count?     After the creation of http://git.xmms.se/merge/, is it really worth it?     That page gives a very clean view over what exists in the diffrent repositories.   nano-: how is that related?   i mean.. how does git.xmms.se/merge fit into the workflow?     theefer: It gives a very clear view of what changes exists in the repositories.   i really don't understand how git.x.s/merge is any real help   ok, there are 2 issues here   1) how does the merge status page fit into the workflow   2) how does it override the bot idea   3) isn't the rfp mailbot intended to facilitate blessing patches?   I am not particularly in favour of a pull mailbot (except that they do it at Google, sort of ;-) ), but it's not exactly the same thing IMHO   what does google do?   gxs/merge provides a clear overview of status ; the pull mergebot was supposed to encourage review, at least that's how I understood it   yeah, that's how i see it too.. with the mailbot, people get to review patches before they are sent to mainline   eleusis: each commit needs to be peer-reviewed for approval (using a system semi-integrated with their perforce) before it's merged ; it's just a policy, not a tech requirement.     1) people who merge changes to -devel check that page if there are anything interesting in the repos, if there are, they pull it. it takes just a second to see changes in all the repos.     2) it doesn't override the idea, but the gain of a pull mailbot is smaller after the introduction of that page.   The mailbot idea the following problem: you had to bother tru or anders to merge stuff in -devel.   yes, exactly   with the merge status page, we can pull whatever we want, but we still have to get tru or anders to do the real work <anders_>  git.x.s/merge is driven by the developers. <anders_>  Wheras RPF mailbot is driven by developers. <anders_>  oops. <anders_>  git.x.s/merge is driven by the integrators.   ok, so integrators periodically check merge status? <anders_>  Yes.   but IMHO, the integrators still need to ask people if they should pull people's trees   I might have unstable stuff in mine for instance <anders_>  But as a side effect it is easier for developers to see what they are providen.   whereas with the mailbot, people advertise when stuff is ready     Has there been any work on the mailbot yet? I knew puzzles begun writing something in ruby? Is it from that the mailbot is supposed to build on?   anders_: so what happens to the mailbot idea, then? :) <anders_>  theefer: Yes. The plan is to have a "for-integration" branch in trees. <anders_>  But what merge status shows is what the mailbot would include in its mail.   is anyone planning to do some work on the mailbot in the near future?   (or has done some work on it recently) <anders_>  I will improve git.x.s/merge, which will share code with mailbot.

XMMS2Forge

Action:Sham to investigate further

  TOPIC: XMMS2Forge   anders_: you should create tools or at least bash functions to do the work on multiple trees <anders_>  theefer: Yes. <anders_>  eleusis: It would be nice if it just magically appeared :)  http://repo.or.cz  is what we should be telling people to use <anders_>  I was just about to suggest repo.or.cz   the main issue is admin overhead, i guess   i.e. who's going to be responsible for running the show <anders_>  eleusis: The plan longterm is to lower admin overhead.   however, i don't think there's great demand for something like xmms2forge..   anders_: yeah <anders_>  eleusis: To avoid setting up git repos manually, and copying ssh keys and stuff.   i think i'll investigate it a bit further next weekend <anders_>  No, there is no great demand, but I would be nice to have it in place before there is.

Clients development progress

Action:None

  TOPIC: clients development progress   Eclipser: mind telling us about what you've been doing on your client(s)?  then there's the yet unnamed cover manager   have you got the source for that somewhere?  cover manager? it's not really usable yet   My personal opinion is that most people want to manage that from their regular client, not a dedicated one.  maybe so   yeah, but that depends on people coding their 'regular clients'..  if it's to be done properly, it's not really that trivial :)   And stuff should be shared as much as possible among clients,  e.g. finding/retrieving the covers/proposing alternatives (did someone say service clients? ;p)   theefer: you mean libraries, etc?  theefer, I'm interested  service clients!   no, service client :)  A "thing" that you ask to find covers for media X and that just does.     theefer: we already have that, xmms2covers sets the cover and alternatives.   nano-: yes but it's not formally usable by other clients, is it?     theefer: and a client creates a view for swithcing between the alternatives.  nano-: xmms2covers would be a service client   nano-: yes, but in my mind it's not a service client (*yet*) because there is no "API" to use it from other clients   alright, looks like we've generated a bit of discussion with the cover art stuff.. can we get back to this later, and go through some of the remaining agenda items for now? <anders_>  I'd like xmms2covers to be a standalone application. Communicationg on stdin/out no mediaplayer agnostic. Matching the xdg-coverart stuff.   dangertools: progress on your client(s)?   http://crosswidgets.sourceforge.net/index.php/content/view/48/47/ <-- latest screenies/changes in x4x   theefer: progress on your client(s)?   x4x is a qt client now as well btw   eleusis: working on a nyello rewrite, currently stuck on the command parser lib, but I have a pretty clear idea of how it will look like and coll integration.

Windows port

Action:None

  TOPIC: Windows port   nano-: want to tell us more about this?     Yes, it's done. Now we can forget it. ;)  binary should be made available somewhere     I belive all changes for xmmsclient and xmms2d are in -devel.git now. It should compile out of the box.     But the waf transition went well, and now it builds out of the box. Thus it's much more accessible to future development.

Neuros OSD

Action:None

  TOPIC: Neuros OSD <anders_>  eleusis: My OSD now allows listing the playlist and shows currently playing song on my tv. :)  anders_: what's the mainloop problem you're having? <anders_>  eleusis: I'll need to decide if I should include DrHouse or DrJekyll in their svn. <anders_>  DraX: The nano-x mainloop used is crappy.

Collections client bindings

Action:Provide better documentation for Collections-related client bindings

  TOPIC: Collections client bindings   anders_, DraX: how is that progressing with python? <anders_>  eleusis: done   i'm going to be doing the ruby ones RSN, so if anyone has issues with that, speak now     C# are almost done, lags a bit behind C++.   anders_: just need to get the doc page done on the wiki? <anders_>  eleusis: Just needs documentation (inline+wiki). <anders_>  eleusis: (I have some refactoing of pythonapi available for preview in http://git.xmms.se/?p=xmms2-anders.git;a=shortlog;h=pythoncleanup)   maybe I should go through collection bindings just to make sure everything looks sane ;)   theefer: C++ collections? :P <anders_>  theefer: They have in my refactored tree.   anders_: I will have a look   So, C++ collections are done, except for documenting the Coll class tree and the custom coll parsing function   since rafl still isn't here, i guess we'll skip over the perl bindings..

Graphics design contest

Action:None

  TOPIC: Graphics design contest <anders_>  As for google $$$, they might actually be on their way. But don't hold your breath.

IRC Cloaks

Action:Sham to request developer cloak for dangertools

Full Transcript

A full transcript of this meeting is available at http://xmms2.xmms.se/~eleusis/xmms2-meeting/xmms2-meeting-2007-01-08.log.

Clone this wiki locally
You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.